docs: Add documentation for stages (#54)
blue-build/website: src/content/docs/reference/recipe.mdx

image-version: 40
```

### `stages:`

> A list of [stages](/references/stages/) that is executed outside of the final image. This is useful for compiling programs from source without polluting the final bootable image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of [stages](/references/stages/) that are executed before the build of the final image. This is useful for compiling programs from source without polluting the final bootable image.
```

#### Example:

```yaml
stages:
  - name: bluebuild

>     from: rust

Reviewer: use a full container URL here please, to make it clearer what this means

Author: Good idea

>     modules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    modules: # same as the top-level modules key, but executed in the custom stage
```

>     from: rust:1.77

Reviewer: Or should this be `docker.io/library/rust:1.77`? Is it a risk that some podman environment wouldn't know where to look for this image?

Author: Oh you're right. I forgot podman does that
